hi my name is Angela and I love Blue's I
have specially loved anybody that can
play a soulful and she respond like this
one and an absolute slacker for anyone
would use us to be able to catch
or any other moments with music like
this I hope you love the Blues as much
as I do well I'm about to tell you a
little secret about my good friend tom
tom is a phenomenal blues guitar and
these are the sounds that come from his
guitar they always manage to know the
slow bench spurn inside of thing he and
I were speaking I begged him to teach my
girlfriend plays luckily he's unable to
say no to me but there was one problem
he was leaving on an extended trip so
wouldn't be able to give her lessons
from a while I begged a little bit more
and he agreed to record some free booze
in our videos for us damn you should
hear my girlfriend now she is amazing I
was so impressed that I picked him once
again to share his videos with everyone
the more people that
he does the happier I will be again Tom
gave an and is now offering is free
blues guitar videos fonts ultimately
guitar master calm please please please
click on the blue link below for
ultimate blues guitar master calm and
learn to play some soulful blues for
free with tongue it would definitely
make me happy and I guarantee there are
plenty of other women that will be just
as happy as me we enjoy that slow burn